Webserver tweaks (#1936)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: docs/user-guide/webserver.md

Then it can be specified on the command line like so:

```sh
helics_broker_server --web --zmq --config broker_server_config.json
```

> The configuration will then make the REST webserver accessible on any interface on port 8080 and a websocket server on port 8080. The port in use can be specified in a configuration file, or via command line such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration will then make the REST web server accessible on any interface on port 8080 and a WebSocket server on port 8080. The port in use can be specified in a configuration file, or via command line such as
```

```sh
helics_broker_server --web --zmq --http_server_args="--http_port=80"
```

> valid arguments are of the form `--<server>_server_args` in that arg field `--<server>_port` and `--<server>_interface`. valid server names are `http`, `websocket`, `zmq`, 'tcp', and `udp` and eventually `mpi`. The http web server also acknowledges `HELICS_HTTP_PORT` as an environmental value. The websocket server acknowledges `HELICS_WEBSOCKET_PORT` for the port numbers of the respective servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arguments are passed to servers using an option in the form `--<server>_server_args`, and in that arg field `--<server>_port` and `--<server>_interface` are valid arguments. Valid server names are `http`, `websocket`, `zmq`, 'tcp', and `udp`, and eventually `mpi`. The http web server also acknowledges `HELICS_HTTP_PORT` as an environment variable. The websocket server acknowledges `HELICS_WEBSOCKET_PORT` for the port numbers of the respective servers.
```
